what up transformers age of extinction
facts and here we have out about round
one step changer from transformers 4 age
of extinction for ages of 5 and up but
my three-year-old son is super happy
with him because like drift right here
and a lockdown and optimus pro from age
of extension he just needs one step in
order transform just by pressing onto
the top right here but don't worry i'm
going to show you in a second let me
just get rid of the packaging right here
because who cares about a packaging the
toys is why you buy it for not because
of the package so that's not going to
the package here we have found yes one
step change or hound voyager class hound
will be coming soon and what's pretty
cool right here see you see some details
be out about logo don't window silver
windows because the one step changer
have silver windows besides optimus
prime who has sky blue windows look let
me put it this way so you can see it
better or just watch the review on my
channel because i also have the reviews
to bumblebee the camaro SS and right
here 24 crosshairs addy tunic or a vet
plus right here yes the Dinobot slag
what his name now slug let's get back to
hound a.s he has a little rockets on the
side it has a little bullets right here
indicate the arm and as you can see the
arms are movable both arms plus what's
really cool right here the head is
movable as well so you can tilt his head
a little bit which is pretty cool for
such a small and easy feature and yeah
with one hand let me see if i can
transform them with one hand but it's so
pretty easy since with the other hand
I have to hold the camera but look at
that see how easy he is to transform let
me see if I can't get focus right here
come on focus focus focus there you go
hang say and it pretty cool huh looks
pretty details or such a small little
toy it's pretty awesome little hand
stick out in the back a little fish and
yes it looks kind of bent right here but
well as a military truck he's still
pretty cool here he is from the bottom
and serious transformed one step one
push and you're ready to play isn't that
awesome and I like that he's colored
right here so little golden pieces for
the missiles and his face is pretty cool
it's also pretty detailed again I'm
missing out the focus guy to use my
smartphone today camera is a little bit
on the fritz how should I say privus on
Decepticon attacked it but then you
could see his eyes are the sky blue kind
of like on a package yeah kind of
knowing right now Oh trouble with the
focus here i hope i can get my camera
fixed soon for you guys for the next
video nevertheless you have to believe
me on this one so pretty awesome well
i'm going to let you go guys this is d
super transformers i will have more
coming up for transformers age of
extension by time so make sure to
subscribe my channel to stay tuned with
aiding and newest transformers coming
out and much much more on behind
exclusive I talk to you in the next
video in
show you more there till that time hound
is gonna say goodbye finish hahaha and
kind of like how his arms move is pretty
cool plus when you move to side right
here and so easy to transform see how he
goes down what and he hooks onto the top
right here and you're good to go and
back he is already know I want to stay
well on this day out about okay see you
next video don't forget to subscribe to
my channel if you're aren't a subscriber
yet and check out a single reviews of
the other transformers age of extinction
characters